Terms &amp; Conditions
				
				
					
				
		
					
				
				
									
The terms “We” / “Us” / “Our” individually and collectively refer to each entity being part of the definition of snowflakz.com and the terms “You” /”Your” / “Yourself” refer to the users. This Terms of use is a contract between You and the respective snowflakz.com&nbsp;&nbsp;entity whose Website You use or access or You otherwise deal with. This Terms of Use shall be read together with the respective privacy policy or other terms and conditions of the respective snowflakz.com&nbsp;entity and its respective Website or nature of business of the Website.
Our Terms of use is subject to change at any time without notice. To make sure you are aware of any changes, please review this policy periodically.
These terms and conditions outline the rules and regulations for the use of snowflakz.com
&nbsp;located at Sector 36 Greater Noida, UP 201310, India.
These Terms will be applied fully and affect to your use of this Website. By using this Website, you agreed to accept all terms and conditions written in here. You must not use this Website if you disagree with any of these Website Standard Terms and Conditions.
Electronic Communications: –
When You use the Website or send emails or other data, information or communication to us, you agree and understand that You are communicating with us through electronic records and You consent to receive communications via electronic records from us periodically and as and when required. We will communicate with You by email, Notice (On Website) electronic records on Website or on Your mobile number.
Spoof email
: –
Mrmakhana.com will never ask you to provide sensitive information through email. In case you receive any spoof (fake) email, you are requested to report the same to Us through ‘Contact Us’ tab.
Intellectual Property Rights: –
Other than the content you own, under these Terms, Snowflakz.com and/or its licensors own all the intellectual property rights and materials contained in this Website.
You are granted limited license only for purposes of viewing the material contained on this Website.
Restrictions: –
You are specifically restricted from all of the following:
Publishing any Website material in any other media.
Selling, sublicensing and/or otherwise commercializing any Website material.
Publicly performing and/or showing any Website material.
Using this Website in any way that is or may be damaging to this Website.
Using this Website in any way that impacts user access to this Website.
Using this Website contrary to applicable laws and regulations, or in any way may cause harm to the Website, or to any person or business entity.
Engaging in any data mining, data harvesting, data extracting or any other similar activity in relation to this Website.
Using this Website to engage in any advertising or marketing.
Certain areas of this Website are restricted from being access by you and snowflakz.com may further restrict access by you to any areas of this Website, at any time, in absolute discretion. Any user ID and password you may have for this Website are confidential and you must maintain confidentiality as well.
Removal of links from our website: –
If you find any link on our Website that is offensive for any reason, you are free to contact and inform us any moment. We will consider requests to remove links but we are not obligated to or so or to respond to you directly.
We do not ensure that the information on this website is correct, we do not warrant its completeness or accuracy; nor do we promise to ensure that the website remains available or that the material on the website is kept up to date.
Contests, Sweepstakes and Promotions: –
Any contests, sweepstakes or other promotions (collectively, “Promotions”) made available through Service may be governed by rules that are separate from these Terms of Service. If you participate in any Promotions, please review the applicable rules as well as our Privacy Policy. If the rules for a Promotion conflict with these Terms of Service, Promotion rules will apply.
Analytics: –
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyse the use of our Service.
Termination: –
We may terminate or suspend your account and bar access to Service immediately, without prior notice or liability, under our sole discretion, for any reason whatsoever and without limitation, including but not limited to a breach of Terms.
If you wish to terminate your account, you may simply discontinue using Service.
All provisions of Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
Governing Law: –
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of&nbsp;Delhi, INDIA, which governing law applies to agreement without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have had between us regarding Service.
Changes To Service: –
We reserve the right to withdraw or amend our Service or product, and any service or material we provide via Service, in our sole discretion without notice. We will not be liable if for any reason all or any part of Service is unavailable at any time or for any period. From time to time, we may restrict access to some parts of Service, or the entire Service, to users, including registered users.
Acknowledgement: –
BY USING SERVICE OR OTHER SERVICES PROVIDED BY US, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ THESE TERMS OF SERVICE AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THEM.
Contact Us: –
Please send your feedback, comments, and requests for technical support by email: 
info@snowflakz.com&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;